So why is a
one successful lawyer
applying for an assistant job?
Well, if you saw the news
the recent murder case
is victims of my family.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
My father's firm's license got suspended, so
no firm will touch me now.
But I need this job
for my sister.
She's the only survivor.
Can I ask why
the license was suspended?
Oh, my father, he...
he pushed you hard.
Crossed lines.
But I wasn't involved.
Please, Mr. Winkler, I won't be dismissed
for my father's mistakes, will I?
Well, I heard you have a meeting in 10 minutes,
so I'll let you get to it.
Hey, hey.
You'll make a great assistant.
Okay, welcome aboard.
Thank you, Mr. Winkler.
Harrison.
You can call me Harrison.